Openapi-Merger Rename (#4)
digicatapult/openapi-merger: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

<!--

> Have you read openapi's Code of Conduct? By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/digicatapult/openapi-merger/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you read Digital Catapult's Code of Conduct? By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/digicatapult/openapi-merger/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
```
